Update docker vignette with section on multi-stage builds (#1)
benkeser/renv: vignettes/docker.Rmd

appropriate when the image is created. Any new containers created from this
image will hence have those R packages installed and visible at run-time.

## Speeding up package installations

The aforementioned approach is useful if you have multiple applications with
identical package requirements. In this case, a single image containing this
identical package library could serve as the parent image for several 
containerized applications.

However, `renv::restore()` is slow -- it needs to download and install packages, 
which can take some time. Thus, some care is required to efficiently make use
of the `renv` cache for projects that require: 

> 1. Building an image multiple times (e.g., to de-bug the production application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Building an image multiple times (e.g., to debug the production application
```
